W
you already know that the processors
they are the heart of the markets
and with complex and heavy software
the chips are increasingly decisive the performance of machines
in the past week the market received with the news with processors
the most efficient check
has new processor in the area actually are three new chips
two of them are focused on the eyes and Williams for the server market in the
case of the novelty servers is the xeon 3400 processors and comes to supply the
companies with 50 to 100 employees.
the product has a low power consumption in addition to performances that the
exceptional price for a more affordable price than the 5,000th
five hundred years it is a past for servers
many accounting firms
in the company that needs printed initiatives
the arena they
ah the synop team
perhaps late is punished 24%
already for the end user two news were announced one of them is the new
version of the core i7 the world's fastest processor some changes
physics happened in the cores of the
Can you get more?
reduce energy consumption because you require less of the
and with that too
you provide here the drawing
more simplified, more optimized with
other components
providing a more attractive course for consumers
but in practice what this means for you user
well the answer is simple with a more simplified architecture
ecosystem is also simplified in this way fonts motherboards chipset
become the cheapest the 'performance' remains the same luck now costing
any less
Last but not least we have the launch of the core processor
i5 the team's own number we are also talking about a processor tops
but with some different characteristics that occur
sure it's actually a great choice for anyone who wants a kind of
last generation spending less
because it is the big difference 35 are correctly
the 47 got higher copies so it looks like it has ample with a bit more
low compared to core i7
My body in five years did not have to bring
who prefers to see that a characteristic that works the capacity
processing of each of the rooms
then run ect has 4 physical pole cores
in eight logical cores in qualifying yesterday 4 among the physique of four dead
so when he referred
eight heads that the coritiba had the fourth position
is planning on upgrading your machine so if you want the
maximum performance and energy savings be sure to search the
respect to these two intel core i5 and core i7 processors
is today the most modern in terms of processing are already
available throughout Brazil and if you want to better understand why I
I would have considered the best processor on the planet to look
digital on the internet next to this report you find a link to
another matter that explains just how the new
processors represents a leap in speed and efficiency.
but what
W